STEP INTO STUNNING SPACES THROUGH STUNNIT!

We help you step into stunning Interior design spaces that is
customized to fit your personal value. Get in touch and let’s start customizing a design that fits just right for you!

We provide two kinds of service, design only and design with 
execution

Our experienced interior designers’ team will create a design plan for your space, but won’t carry out the physical implementation of the design. You’ll be at liberty to implement the design with or without blending other ideas.

This comprises creating 2D and 3D drawings, mood boards, and then
implementing those designs by choosing materials, planning, organizing transportation, carrying out the project, and managing it.

Here we will delve into the details. It is the time we choose the right material, make timely decisions, keep track of your budget, trust our process and let the design manifest.

Here are some of our honest endorsement of our service that comes from our previous customers.

Take some of the informations below to talk to one of our partners about your project, learn more about our sercices or discuss fees and budgets.

OUR PROCESS

Building your dream home or spaces where you come together for work, fun, and livelihood must speak to you through the ambience it weaves inside. At Studio Stunnit, our expert guidance and design philosophies are ready to lead you all through the way to realizing your perfect interiors. 

Our first meeting may begin with a phone call, or in-person, or through email. Firstly, we would love to get to know you. What are your dreams and aspirations? What inspires you, and what is your expectation for the space you want us to envision? 

In the pre-design stage, we discuss ideas from online sources, magazines and something you’ve seen somewhere. At the same time, we study the architecture of your space. Do you have the desired relationship between your spaces? Taking in your personal needs and lifestyle, we refine your interior spaces—one step at a time. 

From colour schemes, furnishing ideas, material selection, décor and style to appliances, fixtures, functional parameters and activities - we probe every detail you wish to integrate within your space. Gauging your calibre, our gracious approach rewards you with spaces you seek to cherish and grow. 

Our motto goes, “Come home to your-self,”
Our design promises to deliver a joyful and vibrant environment. 

In the work stage, we usher ideas onto our palette. The design mood board is assembled with thematic spatial configurations, material samples, textures and finishes, and furniture style. We weigh the pros and cons by envisaging design combinations and complimenting schemes. For clients to grasp the entire picture of our interior vision, we recommend letting us visualize your space as computerized 3D renderings. 

When things begin to look good, the green signal is on, and we begin the creation! Our skilled craftsmen and execution team step in to unravel our stunning design. Your spaces are then brought to life corresponding to the 3D views.
 
As the design progresses, we delve into the details. It is the time to choose the right material, make timely decisions, keep track of your budget, trust our process and let the design manifest. Once you select the materials and products, grant time to fine-tune and custom-make them to your taste. At every step, we are there to guide you, work out any complications and take you stress-free through the journey.
 
Also, you may stumble upon something new, or we may come up with a new idea. We could re-configure to a certain extent; if not, trust us until you see the grand finale. 

Hang on, have patience and faith in us! 

Finally, it’s the big reveal. The moment we’ve all been waiting for: the final installations and the last few nuts and bolts. We offer assistance in moving out your old furniture or suggest charitable organizations to receive donations. And most importantly, before you settle in, we recommend hiring a deep cleaning service.

Now your space is ready to welcome you and invite you to “come home to 
your-self”

“Design must reflect the practical and aesthetic in business but above all…good design must primarily serve people” 